Raitlim's Challenge DC31.md, before:

This challenge was presented to me while I was in LINECON 31. It was presented as a card, double-sided. 

The front was a picture of what looked like a wheel of cards and lines connecting them. http://minervallux.com/includes/rc2023_card_front.jpg?hollow=owoosj

The back was a an unknown phrase and an encoded message. http://minervallux.com/includes/rc2023_card_back.jpg?prophet=hvqglxl
The phrase:
	Ziqbtqu'a Kpittmvom LK31
	Cvivaemzml ycmabqwva jmkswv
	eqbpqv iv mqopbp xchhtmumvb
	mvkcjml amkzmba tqm qv eiqb
	lqdctoml wvtg bw bpm iabcbm.
	Qttcuqvibm bpm xibp jmtwe
	bw zmdmit i vme kwvcvlzcu.

There were two things that caught my attention. The apostrophe a in the first word could be a possessive apostrophe s in English. Additionally the LK31 at the end of the first line could be DC31. Since I was in line at DEF CON 31 this second guess was pretty likely correct. Since LK both happen to be 18 characters from DC I decided to move forward with running the entire message through a ROT13 tool, https://rot13.com, set to offset 18. Jackpot!

Decodes to:
	Raitlim's Challenge DC31
	Unanswered questions beckon
	within an eighth puzzlement
	encubed secrets lie in wait
	divulged only to the astute.
	Illuminate the path below
	to reveal a new conundrum.

aHROCDOVL2RiM
zEubwluZXJ2YW
xsdXguY29tL2N
oYWxsZW5nZS8=

Decodes to:
	http://dc31.minervallux.com/challenge/


### Interpreting all the cards
The first symbol, with the triangle is:
	Question the hollow prophet
	M a r g i n a l i a
	1. This is not a puzzle.
	2. Invitation card _[front](http://minervallux.com/includes/rc2023_card_front.jpg?hollow=owoosj)_ and _[back](http://minervallux.com/includes/rc2023_card_back.jpg?prophet=hvqglxl)_.
	3. Study the puzzle icons _carefully_, they offer important clues.
	4. Added image for ![](https://dc31.minervallux.com/challenge/includes/puzzle-icon-10.png).

1. https://dc31.minervallux.com/challenge
2. https://dc31.minervallux.com/challenge#overlay
3. https://dc31.minervallux.com/challenge#overlay
4.

Commit message:

adds screenshots of puzzle cards

Raitlim's Challenge DC31.md, after:

This challenge was presented to me while I was in LINECON 31. It was presented as a card, double-sided. 

The front was a picture of what looked like a wheel of cards and lines connecting them. http://minervallux.com/includes/rc2023_card_front.jpg?hollow=owoosj

The back was a an unknown phrase and an encoded message. http://minervallux.com/includes/rc2023_card_back.jpg?prophet=hvqglxl
The phrase:
	Ziqbtqu'a Kpittmvom LK31
	Cvivaemzml ycmabqwva jmkswv
	eqbpqv iv mqopbp xchhtmumvb
	mvkcjml amkzmba tqm qv eiqb
	lqdctoml wvtg bw bpm iabcbm.
	Qttcuqvibm bpm xibp jmtwe
	bw zmdmit i vme kwvcvlzcu.

There were two things that caught my attention. The apostrophe a in the first word could be a possessive apostrophe s in English. Additionally the LK31 at the end of the first line could be DC31. Since I was in line at DEF CON 31 this second guess was pretty likely correct. Since LK both happen to be 18 characters from DC I decided to move forward with running the entire message through a ROT13 tool, https://rot13.com, set to offset 18. Jackpot!

Decodes to:
	Raitlim's Challenge DC31
	Unanswered questions beckon
	within an eighth puzzlement
	encubed secrets lie in wait
	divulged only to the astute.
	Illuminate the path below
	to reveal a new conundrum.

aHROCDOVL2RiM
zEubwluZXJ2YW
xsdXguY29tL2N
oYWxsZW5nZS8=

Decodes to:
	http://dc31.minervallux.com/challenge/


### Interpreting all the cards
The first symbol, with the triangle is:
	Question the hollow prophet
	M a r g i n a l i a
	1. This is not a puzzle.
	2. Invitation card _[front](http://minervallux.com/includes/rc2023_card_front.jpg?hollow=owoosj)_ and _[back](http://minervallux.com/includes/rc2023_card_back.jpg?prophet=hvqglxl)_.
	3. Study the puzzle icons _carefully_, they offer important clues.
	4. Added image for ![](https://dc31.minervallux.com/challenge/includes/puzzle-icon-10.png).

![](Screenshot%202023-08-15%20at%204.31.19%20PM.png)
![](Screenshot%202023-08-15%20at%204.36.56%20PM.png)
If I follow the arrow and lines from the front of the card the cards will follow this sequence.
1. ![](Screenshot%202023-08-15%20at%204.33.03%20PM.png)
2. ![](Screenshot%202023-08-15%20at%204.33.45%20PM.png)
3. ![](Screenshot%202023-08-15%20at%204.34.27%20PM.png)
4. ![](Screenshot%202023-08-15%20at%204.38.30%20PM.png)
5. ![](Screenshot%202023-08-15%20at%204.39.06%20PM.png)
6. ![](Screenshot%202023-08-15%20at%204.39.38%20PM.png)
7. ![](Screenshot%202023-08-15%20at%204.40.13%20PM.png)
8. ![](Screenshot%202023-08-15%20at%204.42.06%20PM.png)
9. ![](Screenshot%202023-08-15%20at%204.41.20%20PM.png)
10. ![](Screenshot%202023-08-15%20at%204.42.52%20PM.png)
11. ![](Screenshot%202023-08-15%20at%204.43.20%20PM.png)
12. ![](Screenshot%202023-08-15%20at%204.43.55%20PM.png)
13. ![](Screenshot%202023-08-15%20at%204.44.35%20PM.png)
14. ![](Screenshot%202023-08-15%20at%204.45.07%20PM.png)
15. ![](Screenshot%202023-08-15%20at%204.46.44%20PM.png)
16. ![](Screenshot%202023-08-15%20at%204.49.10%20PM.png)
